hey guys david here from formal calm and
in this hood i'm gonna show you how to
make the text on your android phone a
little bit bigger so as you can see i
have a text message open right here and
just take note of the text size that you
see and the way to actually make it
bigger is press menu on your home screen
go over to settings and you can also
just get it from your app list the
settings menu and scroll down to where
it says accessibility so tap on
accessibility and within these options
you should see something along the lines
of font size tap on font size go to huge
if you want it to be the absolute
maximum large you want it just a little
bit bigger i was going to go to huge for
right now and as you can see nothing in
the settings has changed ISTEP take one
step back and you see this all looks the
same size but when i go back to that
text message that was in earlier you see
it's been you know drastically enlarged
so it works like this on android 2.3 and
before but if you have a device that has
Android Ice Cream Sandwich like this guy
over here you could actually do the same
thing so I'm just going to go ahead and
go to settings I'm gonna go down to
accessibility and then I'm just going to
check the large text box right here so
it works a little bit differently but
you can see the settings itself has
actually been a increase in size or the
text size has actually increased in the
settings and of course all the other
applications as well
so that's how you do it for the system
itself but if you want the browser to be
bigger what you can do is go ahead and
open up the browser and now you can see
the text is still really big on this
phone but the actual web isn't going to
be changed so I have phonebook com
loaded up on this phone right here and
this is look at this text right here so
you can see the size of the text is you
know just what you'd expect
normally but to make it bigger you can
press menu so you can press menu on your
browser so I can get this guy to load up
there you go and then go over to
settings and then from here you're going
to go to accessibility again but this is
within the browser itself and then you
go down to where it says text scaling so
you could actually drag this guy over to
make it bigger smaller depending on what
you want I'm just going to make it to as
big as I could get so it's a huge right
here
and I you can see gives you a little
preview I'm just gonna go ahead and go
back and now you can see the text on
phonebook calm itself has been enlarged
so the formatting is gonna look a little
bit different because you have made lot
of text so much larger but when i zoom
in you can see that my text is a heck of
a lot bigger than it was before and it's
pretty much it this is Dave from poem of
calm thank you for watching the video if
you found it helpful please hit the like
button and subscribe and don't forget to
visit for more calm more cellphone news
reviews and how to's thank you